= WEB Server =

The WEB Server provide web interface to the KNX/IP bus. the main features of this server are:
  # Viewing History of specific function (Specific KNX Address)
  # Viewing Global history (the last 100 messages sent on the KNX/IP bus)
  # Sending specific command to the KNX/IP bus
  # Scheduling a command for later execution

== General Description ==
The WEB Server is small & basic WEB interface to the KNX/IP bus. the server supports HTTP basic authentication and provide web interface to several actions for monitoring and controlling the KNX/IP bus.

This server is written entirely in c++ and depends on the EIBStdLib shared object (DLL) which is also part of the EIB Suite.

When the WEB Server starts, it uses 2 configuration files:
  # *WEB.conf* - this file contains the parameters that allow the WEB Server to connect to the EIB Server.
  # *WEBUsers.db* - this file contains the configuration about the users the allow to use the web interface. this file holds the user names, passwords and some privileges restrictions.
these 2 files are essential to WEB Server in order to operate properly. (don't worry, if anything goes wrong, it will print an error telling exactly what is the problem).

== Configuration ==
There are 2 different options to create the configuration files:
  # *_Manually_* - this option is probably better since i may have some bugs in the other option :). note that there are templates files that explains the structure of the configuration files in the templates directory of the installation.
  # *_Interactive Configuration option_* - in this option, the WEB Server will create the files by itself, just asking you (the users) a few key questions.
   * To create the WEB.conf file - run the following command : *./run.sh WEBServer -i* and follow the screen.
   * To create the WEBUsers.db file - run the following command : *./run.sh WEBServer -u* and follow the screen.